Master Service Arrangement

The Master Service Arrangement (MSA) aims to specify the understandings 
and expectations on behalf of the European Commission with regard to the 
provision of the EU CAPTCHA solution. It defines the generic terms that 
should be respected by the stakeholders to use and manage the EU CAPTCHA 
solution and/or Services.
It has to be noted that the MSA is a non-binding statement made in good 
faith, which is not legally enforceable against the European Commission, 
and which creates no new binding legal obligations on the Commission. Any 
references to duties or obligations within this Arrangement should therefore 
be understood as a good faith statement of intent only, without any obligation 
of result or legal recourse in case of breaches of such duties or obligations. 
As such, this MSA does not require signatures between parties. 

- 	Term 1 – Service provision: EU CAPTCHA and its related Services are 
	defined and described on this web portal. EU CAPTCHA is provided as an 
	open source solution and licensed under the EUPL-1.2-or-later (available 
	at https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32017D0863&from=FR). 
	As specified in Article (7) of the EUPL-1.2, the solution is provided on 
	an ‘as-is’ basis. This means that the Commission provides the solution 
	without warranties of any kind concerning the solution, including without 
	limitation merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, absence of 
	defects or errors, and accuracy. Furthermore, the Commission provides 
	the solution without any warranties whatsoever regarding its long-term 
	provision and maintenance. Hence, the Commission does not guarantee that 
	the EU CAPTCHA solution, its Services and/or any support services on behalf 
	of the Commission existing at a specific point in time will continue to 
	be provided in the future, and shall not be liable for any damage on the 
	side of the user caused by a stoppage of provision, in line with the 
	conditions specified in Article (8) EUPL-1.2.
- 	Term 2 – Service modification: In line with Article (2) of the EUPL-1.2, 
	any user can download the EU CAPTCHA solution and use, reproduce, and modify 
	the solution, as well as make derivative Works based on the solution. The 
	Commission does not need to be consulted for any such actions on the side of 
	the user. 
- 	Term 3 – Financial implications: The Master Service Arrangement does not 
	of itself create any financial obligations.
